docs: document en-US runtime loading skip for Grafana 13.1.0 (#2645)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/how-to-guides/plugin-internationalization.md

└── package.json
```

:::note

> The `src/locales/en-US/<plugin-id>.json` file is generated by translation tooling and committed for translators. Starting with Grafana 13.1.0, Grafana does not load it at runtime. `en-US` text comes from the defaults in your source code. This saves the browser from fetching a translation file the bundle already contains. See [Determine the text to translate](#determine-the-text-to-translate) below for how to declare those defaults, including the special handling required for plurals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `src/locales/en-US/<plugin-id>.json` file is generated by translation tooling and reviewed by translators. Starting with Grafana 13.1.0, Grafana doesn't load it at runtime. `en-US` text comes from the defaults in your source code, so the browser doesn't need to fetch a translation file the bundle already contains. Refer to [Determine the text to translate](#determine-the-text-to-translate) section to see how to declare those defaults, including the special handling required for plurals.
```
